---
title: A Believing Behaving Faith
subtitle: A Believing Behaving Faith
genre: Religion & Spirituality
author: Dr John Thomas Wylie
amazon_link: https://www.amazon.com/Believing-Behaving-Faith-Practical-Commentary/dp/1648955142/ref=sr_1_1?crid=2FKC76KDOF3V8&keywords=9781648955143&qid=1642687387&sprefix=9781648955143%2Caps%2C285&sr=8-1
thumbnail: https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61wq68UxcsL.jpg
---
This publication, "A Believing Behaving Faith," is but one in a series of biblical expositions not intended to be an exhaustive study but rather a simple biblical approach that is a practical commentary and reader friendly in content. This is a work that would certainly be appreciated by many clergy and laity alike. The purpose of any exposition from the Word of God should always be (whether spoken or written) to guide, inspire, teach, encourage others to Christ and to live for Christ only. In this publication, James has much to contribute concerning Christian ethics. Again, and without doubt, we should be hearers of the Word. We receive the Word but not as "believers only" but as "doers" of the Word. Not just as believers of the faith but as doers of the faith in our daily walk with Christ. If we truly believe the Word of God, then we ought to live a life true and obedient to the Word of God, a life acceptable and holy unto God, which is our reasonable service, a living sacrifice. My brothers and sisters, read on, draw nigh to Christ, as he draws closer to you in a more personal and fulfilling way. Refer the Bible often and prayerfully as you read the contents of this publication. Expect something miraculous and wondrous to take place as you read. Live your life in expectancy of even a more blessed, abundant life. Ask God not only to bless you during and after reading this blessing but also to make you a blessing to others. Thank you for supporting this book ministry. To God be the glory! When asked, "Why do you write?" Dr. Wylie's refers to Habakkuk 2:2-4 and Ps. 97: 11-12.