---
title: Go, Tell the World of Their Danger!
genre: Christian Books & Bibles
author: James Reule
amazon_link: https://www.amazon.com/Go-Tell-World-Their-Danger/dp/1648955312/ref=sr_1_1?crid=GKO5YF0D1P2X&keywords=9781648955310&qid=1642687224&sprefix=9781648955310%2Caps%2C283&sr=8-1
thumbnail: https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71XUKI4-brL.jpg
---
This book is a chapter by chapter study of the Biblical books of Daniel and Revelation written by a layman for laymen. It begins with the "time of trouble" mentioned in Daniel 12:1 and ends with the earth being brought back into harmony with the Universe. Specific events together with specific timing are given and not presented in such a manner that one never knows whether what is foretold happened or not. "The time of trouble" begins on April 4, 2027 with a global earthquake accompanied by voices, and thunderings, and lightnings which will set off many volcanoes, which will be followed by a meteorite shower, which will be followed by an asteroid impact on an ocean, which will be followed by an asteroid impact on a landmass, which will be followed by one-third of the atmosphere being clouded over by all the debris having been injected into it by the previous four events. This is all described in Revelation 8:5-12. The New World Order will take control of planet earth on May 4, 2027 and will be in control for the next 42 months. This is described in Revelation 13:1-5. No sooner than 21 months later Satan will appear on planet earth along with the angels that were thrown out of heaven with him. Four portions of Daniel and Revelation describe what will be happening during the remaining "time of trouble" while he is here. Most people are afraid of the unknown. In the end, God will create a "new heaven and a new earth" wherein will reign everlasting righteousness. When one considers all the problems facing planet earth, one might ask, is there any solution to this mess? The solution to all that we are facing is shown in this book.